Add table aws_mgn_application closes #1454 (#1499)
turbot/steampipe-plugin-aws: docs/tables/aws_mgn_application.md

# Table: aws_mgn_application

> AWS Application Migration Service (MGN) is a highly automated lift-and-shift (rehost) solution that simplifies, expedites, and reduces the cost of migrating applications to AWS. It enables companies to lift-and-shift a large number of physical, virtual, or cloud servers without compatibility issues, performance disruption, or long cutover windows.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AWS Application Migration Service (MGN) is a highly automated lift-and-shift (rehost) solution that simplifies, expedites, and reduces the cost of migrating applications to AWS. It enables companies to lift and shift many physical, virtual, or cloud servers without compatibility issues, performance disruption, or long cutover windows.

```

## Examples

### Basic Info

```sql
select
  name,
  arn,
  application_id,
  creation_date_time,
  is_archived,
  wave_id,
  tags
from
  aws_mgn_application;
```

### List archived applications

```sql
select
  name,
  arn,
  application_id,
  creation_date_time,
  is_archived
from
  aws_mgn_application
where
  is_archived;
```

### Get aggregated status details for a application

```sql
select
  name,
  application_id,
  application_aggregated_status ->> 'HealthStatus' as health_status,
  application_aggregated_status ->> 'ProgressStatus' as progress_status,
  application_aggregated_status ->> 'TotalSourceServers' as total_source_servers
from
  aws_mgn_application;
```

> ### List application that are created in last 30 days

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### List applications that have been created in the last 30 days
```
